SAF Tehnika - Annual report with the independent auditor's report
"SAF Tehnika" audited reports and Corporate Governance report for the 2024/2025 financial year
The Group's net turnover in the 2024/2025 financial year was EUR 25.99 million, which is by EUR 1.1 million or 4% lower than in the previous 2023/2024 financial year. The Parent company's net turnover in the 2024/2025 financial year was EUR 21.92 million, which is by EUR 1.33 million or 6% lower than in the previous 2023/2024 financial year.

In accordance with Section 56, Paragraph 5 of the "Financial Instrument Market Law", AS "SAF Tehnika" publishes the audited consolidated and non-consolidated Annual Reports for the 2024/2025 financial year (from July 1, 2024 to June 30, 2025).

In the reporting year, the development of new products was continued, as well as work was started on faster-to-implement product development initiatives. Also, the Group offered services related to its production and continued to develop specific and individual functionalities requested by customers for A/S "SAF Tehnika" products. The Group continues to actively research the market and identify problematic issues in order to offer the necessary product modifications and create prototypes for next-generation technologies. At the same time, the Group continues to develop IoT segment solutions in both business and consumer segments, diversifying its product line, creating higher added value for the SAF Tehnika product range and increasing the Group's revenue.

The Group's exports accounted for 97% (Parent company - respectively 96%) of the total turnover and amounted to EUR 25.24 million (Parent company EUR 21.06 million). In the reporting year, the Group's products were sold in 87 countries worldwide.

The global electronics manufacturing services market continues to be affected by the tension in US-China trade relations, but currently it does not cause a significant negative impact on the Group's sales

"SAF Tehnika" audited reports and Corporate Governance report for the 2024/2025 financial year volumes. The import duty for microwave equipment imported to the US from the European Union remains unchanged, whereas for the Aranet product group it is set at 15%. In trade relations between Canada and the US during the reporting period, uncertainty remained and different interpretations regarding the application of origin rules for certain goods and the procedure for applying customs reliefs. In order to mitigate potential risks related to supply chains and customs costs, a Group branch was established in Canada in the reporting year. In the reporting year, the Group invested EUR 812 thousand in the purchase of IT infrastructure, production and research equipment, software and licenses, as well as in product certification and premises renovation.

The Group concluded the 2024/2025 financial year with a loss in the amount of EUR 643 thousand (Parent company - respectively 552 thousand). The Group's operating result for the previous financial year was a loss of EUR 2.37 million (Parent company - respectively EUR 1.34 million).

In the Group management's assessment, the reporting year's loss is temporary and does not affect the company's long-term stability. The net cash flow from operating activities of both the Group and the Parent company has been positive in the reporting year. The Group will continue its chosen strategy by developing competitive wireless data transmission products and solutions, focusing on strategic market niches both in terms of products, as well as by developing specialized niche solutions.

The Management Board of "SAF Tehnika" proposes to cover the reporting year's loss from the retained earnings of previous years.


