In 2025, the annual revenue of Tallinna Sadam group was EUR
 118.7 million (–0.8%) adjusted EBITDA amounted to EUR 56.5
 million (+6%) and the profit was EUR 22.5 million (+17%). The
 total amount of investments was EUR 33.2 million (–14%).

 Based on the dividend policy approved by the general meeting of
 shareholders to pay a dividend at least 70% of the profit, the
 management board, with the approval of the supervisory board,
 will propose to the general meeting of shareholders to pay a
 dividend of EUR 0.073 per share in 2026, totaling EUR 19.199
 million.

 According to the draft resolution of the shareholders submitted to
 the general meeting, the list of shareholders entitled to receive
 dividends will be established as at 13 May 2026 at the end of the
 business day of Nasdaq CSD settlement system. Consequently,
 the day of change of the rights related to the shares (ex-dividend
 date) is set to 12 May 2026. From that day the person acquiring
 shares will not have the right to receive dividends for the financial
 year 2025. Dividends shall be disbursed to the shareholders on
 20 May 2026.

 "2025 was a meaningful and fruitful year for Tallinna Sadam.
 Compared to the previous year, cargo volumes and the number
 of passengers increased. The number of ship visits remained the
 same, while larger ships visited our ports. The cruise season has
 extended, and we see increasing interest in Tallinn as a
 destination. The number of passengers and vehicles on the lines between mainland and larger islands increased, and the
 icebreaker Botnica participated in salvage operations in Canadian
 waters. We significantly increased the company's profit and,
 relying on strong cash flow, the company may continue to pay
 dividends in the same volume as last year, which once again
 exceeds the dividend promise. At the end of the year, a unique
 multifunctional berth with a hinterland area was completed in
 Paldiski South Harbour, creating the prerequisites for diversifying
 cargo handling and receiving special-purpose vessels with large
 drafts. We thank all our employees, partners and shareholders for
 their dedication and trust. Your contribution has been of decisive
 importance behind our joint achievements,"
 commented Valdo Kalm, the Chairman of the Board of Tallinna
 Sadam, on the results of the year.


