In the fourth quarter of the financial year 2024/2025, the
 Group's unaudited consolidated net turnover, was EUR 5.18
 million, representing a 13% decrease compared to the same
 period in FY 2023/2024. The Group closed the 4th quarter of
 the financial year 2024/2025 loss of EUR 913 thousand
 (unaudited). The consolidated unaudited result for the twelve
 months of the 2024/2025 financial year is a loss of EUR 820
 thousand.

 The turnover of the North America and Latin America region amounted to

 47% or EUR 2.5 million. Compared to the same quarter of the previous

 financial year, the turnover has decreased by 40%.

 The European region accounted for 36% of turnover, amounting to
 EUR 1.9 million, an increase of 24% compared with the fourth quarter
 of the previous financial year. Turnover in the Asia, Africa and Middle
 East region doubled compared with the corresponding quarter of the
 previous financial year, representing 16% of the total quarterly
 turnover (or EUR 846 thousand).

 As noted in previous reports, fluctuations in quarterly turnover are
 influenced by the completion of individual projects. Projects can vary
 in scope and complexity, and their execution is influenced by both the
 duration of the production process and the lead times for material
 procurement. As a result, the dispatch of goods and the recognition
 of revenue often take place only in subsequent quarters. The Group’s
 cash balance in the balance sheet at the end of the period was EUR
 4.8 million. Advances received from customers for goods totaled EUR
 3.9 million.

 In the reporting quarter, the Group’s products were sold in 73
 countries.

 The Group’s costs did not exceed the planned levels, and The Group
 continues to invest in the development of new products and product
 modifications.

 The consolidated unaudited result for the twelve months of the
 2024/2025 financial year is a loss of EUR 820 thousand. The Group
 reported a loss of EUR 2.37 million for the 2023/2024 financial year.

 Although hostilities in Ukraine do not have a direct impact on the
 Group’s activities, the general uncertainty in the business
 environment remains.

 During the quarter, there were no major changes in the microwave
 radio market. SAF Tehnika continues to foster close collaboration with its clients and
 partners to proactively identify and mitigate potential risks, as well as
 to assess new opportunities for development. The Group
 continuously monitors changes in the global trade environment,
 including potential tariff adjustments in the United States.

 The Group has no clients or suppliers in the region affected by armed
 conflict (Russia, Ukraine or Belarus); therefore, no impact on order
 volumes has been observed.

